hey everyone steven here so today i'm
going to be showing you my spring and
summer fashion outfits that I think you
guys should wear for spring summer 2015
ah ok let's get started so in this
outfit I'm rocking a light gold cotton
twill welt pocket shirt from american
apparel it's a size 27 fits very loosely
definitely something you can wear to the
gym and I paired it with a size small
neutral gray polo so this 90s vintage
jacket can really accentuate the overall
style I've got the check it out drag
stock and then I paired them with this
calf high socks and Nike shoes which are
a size 16 oops that drop oh my roommate
hey so I'm wearing the key key key
colored cotton swap pocket short it's a
size 28 and it pairs with a straw gold
unisex basic leather belt and the
oatmeal terry drop shoulder sweater the
sweater is extra small but if i do
stretch up it'll expose my tummy and
almost become a crop top but that's like
cute too I'm wearing the cream-colored
beanie from gap this look has a very
vintage II feel so I wore these lifted
brown loafers I found at this
ratchet-ass the store in Iowa also when
it's cold I paired with this vintage
bomber jacket I bought at a thrift store
in Chicago and I don't pull my arms to
diss leaves because it's book you makes
me look fat LOL i love this outfit
because it's all very neutral and Tom
blending with my skin and obviously
else's name kpop while filming LOL can
you guess the dance so for this look I
mashed a fleece elbow pad forced green
sweater from ragstock but be warned
washing this an intense heat from the
jar will shrink this bad boy out it's
literally almost a crop top
these shorts are the oxford periwinkle
cotton twill welt pocket or and it's a
size 27 I paired it with a patent black
reversible leather belt so I can match
with any type of black shoes i had this
is probably my favorite outfit because
of the color combination and how
comfortable it feels yes how do you work
ok so this outfit is literally slavery
it's fashion meets comfort ility because
when you wear this you will feel like
you're on cloud nine so I'm wearing the
olive colored cotton twill welt pocket
shores and it's the size 27 and the belt
you see here is a dark poppy reversible
leather belt and honestly it's so
vibrant than it makes the outfit
complete you can see this from a mile
away the shorts did tend to write off so
when you wash them they will shrink
significantly this is definitely more on
the casual side so you can wear any type
of sneakers with it but I stuck with
black because I'm basic please six
pitches what's that one is wearing the
butter long sleeve boat next shirt is a
great neutral for color blocking but it
does feel a little cheap and thin so
don't worry
last but not least I'm wearing an outfit
I like to call the carnival man it's
something I'd totally wear on a daily
basis but and make sure to show up at
the Iowa State Fair with this on the
shorts are the white and red sea sucker
Kennedy shorts and there are size 27
don't ask me how they make up these
things LOL these shirts are so nice they
aren't tight at all and like the
Cotton's well they are very flowing
loose it's a bit see-through though so
don't wear like neon color anywhere
obviously a simple pairing of a black
watch and a belt can wrap up this up it
completely and I also paired this with
the size small white American Eagle
button up because you want the shorts to
stay off the most it's a very relaxed
yet classy looking at outfit so I'd
recognize 5 stars
so thank you for watching my spring
summer fashion haul it is all the
outfits that I think are a great
representation of what should wear this
season his outfits are really simple and
easy to reenact just any kind of other
outfit or any other pieces that you guys
have I want you guys to leave in the
comments what was your favorite outfit
and what you think you should wear for
spring and summer oh my god I'm so
excited spring summer 2015 is gonna be
the year come on fashion haul come on
2015 alright that's all happy yesterday
so I see you next time I'm good oh my
god ah as you want to make this
I
looks like you're busy are you having
conversation with your camera no